I think we'll go head and go over some of the results.
It looks like we had folks step up to the challenge once again
with some solutions that are looking correct,
like something we can ship.
So,
the first one I wanted to check was the pull request from Lucas here in the
room that added the Uglify configuration to the application.
So, what Lucas did here, bump that up a little bit,
so what Lucas did in the Gruntfile is he added a new
configuration for the uglify task.
He created a target called my_target, not a super descriptive name,
but I think it does work.
We can probably follow along and figure out something for that.
I think in this case,
maybe like dist or something like that would be appropriate.
But in this case, we are going to be taking app.
js and writing it out to app.
js.
Now, in this case, I probably would've added like a.
min.
js or something to the end to sort of specify it,
that it would be the minified version rather than
the regular uncompressed version, but that's generally what we're looking for.
We need this file, which is public/app.
js to be uglified,
and in this case we're actually renaming it --- or
we're going to output to the same file.
Probably we'd want to do a different file, but that's generally what we need.
And then the --- we also have the uglify task loaded in from grunt-contrib,
which is exactly what we need,
and then we also add in the uglify task to the collect_static command,
which was the desired enhancement that we had to the project.
We also required the 2.
0 version of Uglify, which I think sounds find.
And actually,
here I just pulled down Lucas's branch locally so I could check it out.
So if we run grunt collect_static, that's going to run our browserify task,
and then we also see that we ran the uglify task successfully.
And then if we look at our public directory,
which is the desired output,
we definitely have some uglified JavaScript in there.
So a couple of bits to tweak, but that definitely works,
so like excellent work Lucus!
Very nicely done.
How did he know to get the version 2.
0.
whatever of Uglify?
My guess is that what he did was do npm install --save grunt-contrib-uglify,
which will add the latest stable version of that folder to npm,
your package.
json, excuse me.
So that's totally good.
I think we'll --- I may make a few minor
modifications before I push it into master,
but that's what we need, so you definitely get the free taco there.
That's a lie.
There are no free tacos.
I probably should've brought tacos.
That would've been a good idea.
Alright, so let's take a look at one of the other solutions that we had.
So that was what we're looking for Uglify,
and then we needed a npm script to actually run the migrations.
So, we have one pull request for that, so let's take a look.
Alright, this pull request also includes the Uglify solution,
which is just fine.
Usually, we want to keep one pull request to one issue,
but I won't wrist slap very hard for that here.
I appreciate --- It didn't originally.
What's that?
It didn't originally.
I think he just forget to branch.
It's okay.
That's just fine.
Alright, so the key bit that we have here is the migrate command was added here.
Maybe it'll be a little bit easier if we actually, you know, view the file.
So, we had this prestart command,
and that's actually going to be executed on our Elastic
Beanstalk instance before the server process is started to
run any pending database migrations,
but we also wanted to have like a custom script because that prestart could
eventually do other things besides just run the migrations.
So we created another task called migrate,
which also used the local version of Sequelize to run the migrations.
So,
just for the sake of expedience I'll copy that just
to see what that's going to do.
And the thing I was hinting at in the comments,
if you were kind of reading through that thread,
is that the way that you invoke like nonstandard npm scripts is slightly
different than for those that you would run otherwise.
So if say like npm start, that's going to run the migrations,
and it's going to start up my development server ---
my server process on port 3000.
So npm already knows how to npm start, but if I say npm migrate,
it's going to say well, I don't know, I don't know what a migrate is.
So it's not one of the sort of built-in commands that npm knows about.
So rather than saying npm migrate, I'm going to say npm run-script migrate,
and then that's going to run my migrations using the built-in Sequelize module.
So if you add commands to the package.
json that aren't part of the known set of npm commands,
you do have to add in that extra run-script prefix
before you can run those commands. So that was the bit that I wanted to point out there.